Ashley Wiggins is a digital artist who primarily works with 3-D modeling, 
animation, and interactive design. She is currently pursuing a Bachelors of Arts degree in Digital 
Arts with minors in Computer Science and Studio Art at Stetson University in 
Deland, Florida. Ashley has coding experience in Processing, Java, and HTML 
and has worked with a variety of digital arts softwares such as Photoshop, 
Illustrator, Dreamweaver, After Effects, Maya, Mudbox, and Zbrush. She has 
also used Arduino software in conjunction with Processing in the creation 
and interaction of simple games. 

Hi, my name is Ashley Wiggins and welcome to my website. 
I was born and raised in Port Orange, Florida and am currently 
attending Stetson University in Deland, Florida. I was originally drawn to 
Digital Arts by my love of video games and animated TV and film. 
I wanted to understand how these things I enjoyed so much were created.
Through the exploration of that curiosity I came to fall love with 
Digital Arts itself. At this point I know how to make websites, simple games, 
animations, and even how to manipulate the digital world by using 
unique instruments in the real world. On top of playing video games and 
watching animated TV and films, I also enjoyed reading and drawing. 
For the past few summers I've even had the privilege of rescuing and 
fostering stray kittens.

I am currently torn between two ideas for my senior project either:

My goals for senior year are to create 2-D animation with the narrative along 
the same lines as the "Legend of a Hero" video I currently have in my 
portfolio, in other words a satirical adventure story. Maybe added element of 
audience participation by allowing the viewers to make certain decisions for 
the hero throughout history creating an unique story for every person who 
watches. Animation is a skill I learned in the 3-D Modeling and Animation 
sequence and creating interactive opportunities is something I learned any 
Interactivity and Art sequence. I'm planning on taking graphic design in my 
senior year to help boost my understanding of creating interesting designs 
and a 2-D environment which I can apply to my character and scenery designs. 
I don't know if any examples of work in the area similar to this but there 
was a game created in the 80s called Dragon's Lair that is fairly similar to 
what I'm talking about. The hope is a project of this nature will give me an 
edge in acquiring a job in animation or game design.
           
Or           
           
My goals for senior year are to create an interactive 3-D model of a house. 
With the interactive part being the ability to change the layout and interior 
and exterior design of the house. I came up with this idea because in my 
first 3-D modeling class I learned that I really enjoy creating 3-D models 
of houses and interior design. In my senior year I plan on taking sculpture 
classes to help with my understanding how-to create a 3-D object from nothing 
but an idea in my head. Interior design and architecture companies use 
softwares with similar functions all the time to create their designs. 
Which is why I'm hoping a project of this nature would be helpful in 
getting me a career creating similar designs in those type of fields.

I'm hoping that I will be able to pick one by the end of the summer